There are a lot of insurance companies,
how do they reduce the insurance? Our ₹6000
is deducted monthly. Health insurance has taken away 350 lakhs
and we are still
not sick. Let's go, the person who LIK has run away with your money,
now whom will you catch? There
are 200 biggest insurance companies in India. Insurance means insurance. Insurance
means insurance. There are
two biggest companies in India, one is LIK
and the other is GI Jal Life Insurance
Corporation General Insurance Corporation. These are the
two biggest companies. LIK and GIC were
established on 1st September.
Tell me right now,
1956. Where is the headquarters of LIK in Mumbai? Where is the headquarters of LIK in
Mumbai? Where is the headquarters of LIK in Mumbai.
Where is the headquarters of LIK in Mumbai? I will tell you quickly.
LIK's headquarters is in Mumbai. Look,
like RBI is in Mumbai, Sher Bazaar, Mumbai
LIK was
established later in 1972.
GIC was established in 1972, its
headquarters is also in Mumbai. However, there are many
insurance companies, ICC is Lombard,
Bajaj Insurance, Muthoot Insurance, there are many
Tata Insurances.  Mahindra
Insurance is a very big insurance
company, how do they reduce insurance,
so understand carefully, the insurance people
charge you this monthly amount,
what do they charge, monthly or they
charge you that this much for the year, this is what
we
call premium,
what do they charge, premium link or
you have opened a link in any company, they will
charge you some money either monthly or
a big amount for the year, you understand, it is called premium,
what will we call premium,
understand now, like we are telling
you our story, 6000 rupees are
deducted monthly for health insurance, tell me now
how much is being deducted every month, ₹6000,
how much will be deducted in 12 months, 72000, how much will be deducted,
72000, the
company says that how much you have to
change, heart replacement, something has to be done,
sir, we will take the responsibility, you
go to any hospital and get the treatment done, just give
us the bill, now this insurance of mine which is
running, is running since 2016,
how much money did the bank take in 2016  72000 I did
not read about the disease, he took 72000 in 17, I did not read about the
insurance, I would have taken it or would have taken it, I did
not even grow up, 2021 is over, I do
not have insurance, brother, this 72000 is being taken from me for the last 5 years, take it from
me for so many years, just
complete 5 years, then how much is the leg zero
zero
Abbas sixty 35 to 36, how much has he taken from us till now,
unit curd hundreds of thousands lakh 3.5 lakh has been
taken away now and I do not get insurance yet,
what will happen if I get insurance, I have
talked to God, my insurance, I do
not want to get it done soon, now you tell me, if a
person gets fever, will he go
to the insurance company and say that he has to take a tablet of ₹5, they
say will they give less, they
know, for the sake of ₹5, come to the office
five times, I saw you, petrol will
burn, I got the vaccine, after getting the vaccine, I start feeling a
little
mild pain, the company took the benefit of the medicine for ₹10
What are you doing
brother sir please give me leave I already have
classes left if the band gets over then sir I will have to
watch the match move ahead sir is saying that
sir when you don't have insurance then take it
back they don't return it you can take
insurance whether you read it or not he
took the premium and went away what happened after taking the premium did he go away or
not what happens after taking the premium he goes away
taking his premium if you have any problem with this then
tell me this is what happens after taking your premium
vehicle is insured with all the things that
if your
vehicle gets damaged like a four wheeler, a
bike let's say a two wheeler, you
take ₹4000 for its
insurance for a year that if your vehicle gets lost then the
company will give it to you or if the vehicle meets with a terrible
accident then the responsibility of getting it repaired
or if it is not fit to be repaired then the
responsibility of giving a new vehicle the company has
taken how much money every year it has taken ₹4000 now you
think yourself that in a city generally in Bihar there would be at
least ₹1 lakh worth of vehicles
how much has
each bike cost  How much money did he take from him? ₹4000 was
taken, how many thousand 4000 is the car, that is, five are
put as zeros, units, curds, hundreds, 10 thousand lakhs,
10 lakh crores, 40 crore
rupees, how much money did he get with a company?
40 crores, what did he get in return? He gave you
insurance papers saying, look
Baba, you will go by car, if the car gets stolen,
we will give you the compensation, if the car meets with an
accident, then don't fight with me,
say it's our car,
go and call the police and show them, it was a
car with the original number, it was broken, and then give
us the report, we will
give you a new car in return, that's why if your car
's insurance fails, the police
catches you, that's why they catch you because the police
knows that it's not insured, they will get it by
fighting with the man, the insurance will
remain, there's no problem, take the story and get it, the
insurance person will pay, tell me
how much a motorcycle will cost for 40 crores, has anyone had any
problem, sir, sir, you will
teach the match, hey, the story, the story, the story, the story, the story, the history,
half the geography, the politics, they have finished, they have
finished  I do
n't know what the economics bail asks, I will delete it right away and you will go away,
499 will be debited, another one will
come, sir the car owner will go and then the car is
insured for 4000 and your car is
insured with the insurance and if you have both the insurances then there is no problem if you have both the insurances then there is no problem, if there is a flood then the insurance person runs away with your money or the GIC person runs away with the money, then whom will you catch, the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India (IBARD) is
its headquarters in Hyderabad,
it says that no one can take away the insurance money,
sometimes I was short of one, otherwise it would have been of
Hyundai, otherwise now it is of Hyundai, otherwise the car got debited, it got
debited
completely, think about it, I live in Patna, in the city
proper, there was a flood in the city, my
card got debited and it was not only mine, the
card of the entire locality got debited,
water started pouring on my car, after 15 days I got down and
opened the car, they hit the door in such a way that water was thrown on me, I got
drenched, I
called the insurance company, took photos, they gave
me 7 lakhs  Take this money,
then he will give it to us.